Today I came over to my sons at 9:00 am to study coding. Today I have done an upsate Tic Tok video regarding my class. I finished copying all the java script definitions for the initial JS course to my journal. I have also started and am currently continuing the new "Clip generator" project that Gary R. assigned to me today. The project will require me to use VIM and node.js. respectively. So, respectively, I need to learn both. Im starting with VIM. Am currently on exercise 01: Editing a new file with VIM. How am I doing World? 

Adding itional line of text

I am continuing to practice both vim commands (which there are MANY). i am also practicing to type without looking at 

the screen. There is alot to leatn but with repition and perserverance i believe that i will become most prficient and 

more and more fast with both my typing, accuracy and knowledge.

now i will begin lesson 13 in the udemy vim study course "Deleting text walkthrough in vim".


Here we go, 1,2,3,4
If you didnt know then you should practice, for show.
I will keep on,  learning each day.
Making the most of my time, you could say.
Gary R. will ask, "what did you learn"?
my answer, "alot, thats why my brain hurts.
He asks for examples, cuz words are just words.
Prove that i am not just speaking word turds.
So I will practice, practice, practice on how to navigate
On this lame rhyme in vim thats displayed.

3-8-23- went to bank at 9:00 am to get the cashiers check and money for passport. arrived at Gary R. at 9:50 am
and preped for daily stand up. 
3-8-23- went to bank at 9:00 am to get the cashiers check and money for passport. arrived at Gary R. at 9:50 am
and preped for daily stand up. will continue in the vim study course and will also try to get into the HTML and CSS
study course a little deeper so that i can start my next project i will be assigned by the my mentor, boss man and one  and only first born son of mine......my lil big man......Gary R. That being, to design and build my very own web page.

First off. Daily stand up. Things learned and practiced yesterday: 

1. Continued vim study course and videos. lessons 12-20. learning that repitition is key. just reading through these 
lessons isnt enough. watching the videos and imitating and repeating each step and command as the instructor does them
helps alot. repition seems to be the only way that any of these commands start to stick.

Goals for the day: 1. continue in vim study course on Udemy. 2. try to get into the HTML and CSS course a little more.
3. next assignment is going to be to design my own web page. so familiarizing myself with the process and order in 
which to use HTML, CSS and java script together to accomplish that is what i want to understand.

Feeling more comfortable and positive about what im learning and am noticing more and more commands and what order to 
use them are becoming easier to remember and execute. 

Staying the course and staying positive. this week is going much better than last week. 

Rhyme of the day:

Ive got a glimmer in my eye that makes me only want to try.
Harder each day to learn and retain.
Never say die. Giving up is NOT an option for this guy.
So as my son says each day. LETS GO!!! to motivate.
I will stay on course, not putting the cart before the horse.
Repition is key, at least it as for me.
Discouragement may come, but i shall not quit, until i have won.

LETS GOOOOOO!!!!!!!!

